Link to Video Demo: https://drive.google.com/file/d/16ugmwHHkcQ8U7t7xf42HA9gtsB0vSs9m/view

Welcome to the Bamazon App!

The features included in the Bamazon Command Line application are:

* Customer portal 
-Customers can access products for sale and make purchases.

* Manager portal
-Managers can view and update products and product inventory.

* Supervisor portal
-Supervisors can add departments for managers to add products to, track departmental sales performance.

The Bamazon application's persistence is supported by a MySQL Database called `bamazon`.

The Bamazon MySQL database has the following tables:

* Products
This table stores the product's name, what department the product is stored under, the price, and the product quantity. There are some pre-loaded products in the database, but the application also lets you add your own!

* Departments
This table stores the list of departments that products fall under as well as the deparment's overhead costs. 

* How do I get started?
  - Open up your command line. The application portals can be accessed by typing 'node' followed by:
  'bamazonCustomer' (Customer portal)
  'bamazonManager' (Manager portal)
  'bamazonSupervisor' (Supervisor portal)

  Once you are able to access one of the portals above, the application uses the node inquirer package to walk you through the rest of the application (detailed instructions are provided in the next section).

* How does each feature work?

  * Customer Portal

  1. The customer is presented with a list of products for sale. To select a product from the list of available products, simply type in the number next to the product and submit your request (click Enter). 
  2. Once you've selected your product, specify the number of units that you'd like to purchase. Submit your request.
  3. If there is enough inventory in Bamazon to fulfill your request, you will see the message "Order placed successfully!".

  If there is not enough inventory to fulfill your request, Bamazon will notify you that there is not enough inventory and provide you with the amount of items available. You will then be returned to the product list, in case you'd like to make another purchase.

  * Manager Portal

  Unlike the customer portal, the Bamazon manager portal has a few features available. Managers are able to do any of the following: 
  -View Products for Sale

  Select 'View Products for Sale' by typing 1 and submitting your request. You will then see a list of all products for sale, with all item information included.
    
  -View Low Inventory

  Select 'View Low Inventory for Sale' by typing 2 and submitting your request. You will then see a list of all products with less than 5 units currently available.

  -Add to Inventory

  Select 'View Low Inventory for Sale' by typing 3 and submitting your request. You will then be able to 'add inventory' for an existing item, which allows you to pick from the items currently listed on Bamazon and specify the number of items you'd like to add to the inventory. Bamazon will then update the amount of items posted for the item that you selected.
    
  -Add New Product

  1. Select 'Add New Product' by typing 4 and submitting your request. 
  2. You'll need to provide the name of the item, the cost of the item, the number of units being posted, and the department that the item should be filed under. The deparment options available are populated from the departments table (this list can be updated in the Supervisor portal). Once you submit your request, the new product will be added to the list of available Bamazon products.

  * Supervisor Portal

  Supervisors are able to do any of the following:
  - View Product Sales by Department

  Select 'View Product Sales by Department' by typing 1 and submitting your request. The application will then pull each department listed in the departments table, the overhead cost for the department, the combined total sales of of all items from the department, and the total profit for the department. The total profit and combined total sales are dynamically generated by totaling customer purchases and subtracting total sales from the department overhead, respectively. 

  - Create New Department

  1. Select 'Create New Department' by typing 2 and submitting your request. 
  2. You'll need to provide the name of the department and the overhead cost for the department. Once you submit your request, the new department will be added to the list of existing Bamazon departments.
